Add media attribute support for meta[name=theme-color] (#5620)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/prefers-color-scheme/index.md

  });
```

> In Chrome&nbsp;93, you can adjust the color based on a media query with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Chromium&nbsp;93 and Safari&nbsp;15, you can adjust the color based on a media query with the
```

Reviewer: (Same below of course.)

Author: Done
